<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="es">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <title>Título del cuento</title>

  <style>
    body {
      background-color: #121212;
      color: #ffffff;
      font-family: Georgia, serif;
      max-width: 700px;
      margin: auto;
      padding: 40px 20px;
      line-height: 1.6;
    }

    a {
      color: #aaaaaa;
      text-decoration: none;
    }

    a:hover {
      color: #ffffff;
    }
  </style>

</head>
<body>

  <h1>Título del cuento</h1>

  <p>
    To my very loyal friend, Alex: 
    I want to talk to you about my favorite part of the world.
    You’ve known me since I was dead, and born again. I always craved for places and things that felt real. That had a contrast. That made you not only see the beauty, but the horror, the awe and the disgust. I grew tired of my American ways. Of the acquired distaste of craving the vibrant, colorful, plastic, imposed and untrue diversity that surrounds the many fame-stricken cities of the country I was born in. I grew up accustomed in calm, tender heat… in grounds that used to belong to many men before me. 
    So, I decided to pack and leave. Behind me I left nothing but the people I love, streets you could barely walk in, long drive commutes, large bodies of water, and severe-and-blinding advertising.  And I have to place my pride aside, and burn myself with the branding iron of guilt and apologize to you all for never saying goodbye. 
    I was shape and home shifting throughout the entire global south. The sacrifice zone that hopes to not only be just that, but also welcomed immigration. We all start somewhere, and sometimes… we also end somewhere else. I crept and crawled with lizard-like fashion and timing, but I was never able to see the magic blend of beauty, horror, awe and disgust that my heart was so latched onto… Until I met the heart of South America.  
    
    In the words of my beloved friend Hunter, the people who did this declaration of independence, were good people. When I arrived, I was barely met with resistance. Instead, I was welcomed by crowds of what I could describe as human ants. Bikes, and cars roaring in odd time signatures. Standing in “Ciudad del Este” with a recording microphone could produce an entire King Crimson album for you. 
    
    That’s when I landed in Asunción. Not even 5 minutes after setting foot in The Mother of All Cities, an agent of fate presented himself to me in terrible disguise of a homeless man. He hadn’t asked me for money just yet. First, he decided to give me impressive words, that perfectly described the world I was setting foot into: 
    
    — The main problem is the main strength: there is nothing. 
    
    I tried seeing myself home. The mescaline and the pills I were taking on my way here were AI-generating nothing but visions of me in this city. When I heard its naïve melody, I couldn’t help but think… with no effort or repercussion: This must be the place. 
    That’s when the days started moving by. Through the street I could see the vibrant, colorful, painful, poetic, realism of what a city is meant to be. In the mercadito, late at night, you could see the working man blending in with some of the highest members of society… along with people from vulnerable communities, drunk out of their minds, waiting for a plate of food that it’s said to have the force of peeling off drunkenness with care and force. The call it “pureton”. You should try it when you’re here. 
    
    The people from here range from ignorant, stupid and hateful… to sophisticated, sincere, kind and welcoming.  Their grass and other weeds can be so green it makes you want to kiss it. This explains the eternal love to yerba mate in this part of the world. 
    And by God, their generosity spills everywhere. Even when against you, their kindness unholsters and unsheathes; like a poet’s pen, or like butcher’s knife.   Their take on guns is mixed. They are deeply hurt in their pride and honor by a war with their neighbors, but they wouldn’t hesitate to use a hand cannon against a bike-mugger, a suspected child endangerer, or a tyrannic megalomaniac behind the counter of any of the numerous Satan-spawned gas stations that decorate this interesting capital.  
    
    With all of this consider even more the way I described their kindness: Unholstered. Unsheathed. They’re willing to kill you with it.  Even when those who opposed my presence had the courage to face me, and while mostly just told me to go, some of them were kind enough to speak my language, and wish me a safe return to a place I can call a home with two simple words: Go home. 
    
    Through all of your journey, all your way here, you might see a blend of beauty and horror that gives the perpetual feeling of being watching a movie. You know… one of those you’d catch on the tv late at night, out of the blue, hammered, with no warning or preparation: that is just how the place feels if you’re not from around. It’s difficult to not be mesmerized at the subtle simplicity and naivety that folks carry on to deal with the tragicomedy of struggling in a loving place like this. 
    Weather is nice. If you grew up in the desert like me, you would—uh…  get a kick out of the wasp—like stinger of the sun’s abrasive behavior. The wind is hot too. Walking the shadows of gentle mango trees in the capital city and its surroundings, and stranding behind large signs that might ward you off the terrible heat while waiting for a lame-legged (Or wheeled) buses that will take you out of the city, deep in the countries viscera… you’ll get jumped, robbed, mugged, and manhandled by no other than the hot, hot winds of eternal January.
    
    Still, Asunción is not my favorite place in this country.  But it’s the real city I wanted for so long. 
    The beautiful bills of this country might be my favorite place. The melodies of Barrios—Mangoré, and the sanctity of saint Roque himself, bless, kiss goodbye, and play melancholic melodies to founding fathers, liberators, mothers of invention, and who knows how many more Iconic personalities when exchanging money.  
    Dogs are more loyal in this part of the world too; you’d be surprised at how men call their friends “the dogs”. But The Dogs isn’t just something that relates to loyalty and friendship… but rather the pack, the mass, the people and their actions, opinions and sayings. We’re getting close, to my favorite place in Paraguay. 
    Their legends tell the tales of evil spirits. Of terrifying goblins of the night that protect your luck and fate by an insolent price: Liquor and cigarettes. These supernatural beings live drunk, smoked, and sweetened by raw honey.  They’re mostly the seven cursed offspring, all of them born from the union of a beautiful maiden and a terrible evil spirit. A lizard headed dog, A parrot headed snake, a blonde-haired boy that owns the sun, a phallic fertility god belted with generous endowment, a maneater that could chase you to the ends of the earth, and a beast we’re very familiar with: a werewolf. Characters I could only see in hallucinations, frenzies and deliriums provoked by dengue fever, and my inherent desire of spending time being a walking pharmacy. 
    
    Each of these offspring born at the seventh month: You see my friend, seven is not a lucky number here. 
    
    My terrible actions made me want to pursue the purity of nature, and strive to live like a saint in a city that feels real… actively avoiding temptation. The problem is, I can’t have what I want for so long. This place I’ll talk to you about, isn’t the raw, pure experience my soul was thriving for… but rather so much more: an unreal place. 
    In the heart of the Yaguarón hills, and it’s resting-feline-shaped charm, I might be standing in anyone’s favorite place. The trees wish you well as you walk through,  
    and the water that runs in these hills is said to be the tears of a woman in so much pain for the loss of their terrible offspring, that she became one with nature, and cried rivers ever since. 
    Saint Thomas is the name of the man who did this. And I call home, to the cave where he made these demons burn for seven days. 
    
    Truth of the matter is that under this sky I really feel like one more in here. One more person who might say “Victory or death.” And really mean it.
    This is my favorite place. Anybody with a heart but without a soul would agree with me, because anyone’s lost soul might be hiding in here. 
    
    Of course, I am being severe when I say that this is my favorite place, because I fear being unfair. Unfair to the beauty that surrounded me on my way here, and the beauty that still awaits. I hated the big cities, craved real ones… only to end up in a place that feels unreal. I patiently remain, until we meet again. 
    
    And remember, don’t gentrify: identify, then pacify. 
    
    God bless, and Godspeed. 
    
    DK. 
    
    
      </p>

  <br>
  <a href="../index.html">← Volver</a>

</body>